Reorganize Customer Center section (#662)
RevenueCat/docs: docs/tools/customer-center/customer-center-configuration.mdx

The default configuration includes a set of paths, feedback surveys, and promotional offers that can be used immediately once your promotional offers are configured; or you can customize the configuration to your specific needs.

> ### Default configuration

Reviewer: Nice 💅

> There are 4 main management options that customers can choose from. All four management options are configured by default:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are four main management options available in Customer Center. These options are configured by default:
```
